Drinking dry
Hey
Boss Chen, you open this project book.
Do you want to play the heroine?
Miss Meng, it's not that I'm rude.
You turned out to be a flower
But you're pregnant now.
How do you want me to give you this project?
Boss Chen, I really can't help it.
You see, I'm so hot these days
Is a black beard also a beard?
Can't play the heroine
Women can also be matched with women.
I also have a lot of research on the role of female characters
What am I?
Miss Meng is not in the past today
Leave me alone!
Let's go, let's go somewhere else
It's really unlucky to go, hahaha.
What does he want you to do?
Of course I came to see your jokes
He told me I was getting a divorce.
You don't see that I have been there before, Song Yuchuan Huidu
Why do you look down on me?
Why do you come to see my jokes?
Tang Yang, let me tell you, I will definitely become Mr. Song
I'll see.
Miss Tang received the divorce agreement
I have to go to the formalities tomorrow.
Why are you still whistling with a little three?
Your brother didn't hear
Meng Xianxian still wants to be Mrs. Song
This means that he and Song Yuchuan haven't reached the end yet
So this alienation scene?
Do you still need to raise?
Why are you so tacit understanding?
Just a divorce
It's getting late.
Brother, aren't you going?
He's a little busy.